Key,File,Type,english,tchinese,spanish
amaster,progression,Attribute,The way of the master,大師之路,
aMaster,progression,Attribute,The way of the master,大師之路,
aMasterName,progression,Attribute,Master,精通,
aMasterDesc,progression,Attribute,Strengthen your desired skills with limited points.,利用有限點數強化你想要的技能。,
aMasterRankDesc,progression,Attribute,The road to the master,邁向大師之路,
aMasterRankLongDesc,progression,Attribute,"When you have finished learning a skill to the top, it will show the items you can start learning about.",當你學完某一項技能至頂後， 會顯示可以開始進行學習的項目。,
skillMasterGunsName,progression,Skill,Shooting and Throwing,投射,
skillMasterGunsDesc,progression,Skill,"For example: sniper rifles, shotguns, machine guns, explosives, etc.",例如:狙擊槍、散彈槍、機槍、炸藥等等,
skillMasterMeleeName,progression,Skill,Melee,近戰,
skillMasterMeleeDesc,progression,Skill,"For example: sticks, mallets, knives, gloves, etc.",例如:棒子、槌子、刀、拳套等等,
skillMasterAuxiliaryName,progression,Skill,Auxiliary,輔助,
skillMasterAuxiliaryDesc,progression,Skill,"For example: stamina consumption, item durability consumption, etc.",例如:耐力消耗、道具耐久消耗等等,

perkDeadEyeEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,One Shot Death: Physical Damage,一發入魂: 實體傷害,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Dead Eye"" skill.",限定「神槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkDeadEyeEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeName,progression,Perk,One Shot Death: Magazine Capacity,一發入魂: 彈匣容量,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeDesc,progression,Perk,Increase magazine capacity,增加彈匣容量,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Dead Eye"" skill.",限定「神槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRank01Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +20%,彈匣容量 +20%,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRank02Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +40%,彈匣容量 +40%,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRank03Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +60%,彈匣容量 +60%,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRank04Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +80%,彈匣容量 +80%,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRank05Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +100%,彈匣容量 +100%,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRank06Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +120%,彈匣容量 +120%,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRank07Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +140%,彈匣容量 +140%,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRank08Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +160%,彈匣容量 +160%,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRank09Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +180%,彈匣容量 +180%,
perkDeadEyeMagazineSizeRank10Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +200%,彈匣容量 +200%,
perkDeadEyeRangeName,progression,Perk,One Shot Death: Range,一發入魂: 射程,
perkDeadEyeRangeDesc,progression,Perk,Increased maximum range and effective range,增加最大射程和有效射程,
perkDeadEyeRangeRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Dead Eye"" skill.",限定「神槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkDeadEyeRangeRank01Desc,progression,Perk,range +10%,射程 +10%,
perkDeadEyeRangeRank02Desc,progression,Perk,range +20%,射程 +20%,
perkDeadEyeRangeRank03Desc,progression,Perk,range +30%,射程 +30%,
perkDeadEyeRangeRank04Desc,progression,Perk,range +40%,射程 +40%,
perkDeadEyeRangeRank05Desc,progression,Perk,range +50%,射程 +50%,
perkDeadEyeRangeRank06Desc,progression,Perk,range +60%,射程 +60%,
perkDeadEyeRangeRank07Desc,progression,Perk,range +70%,射程 +70%,
perkDeadEyeRangeRank08Desc,progression,Perk,range +80%,射程 +80%,
perkDeadEyeRangeRank09Desc,progression,Perk,range +90%,射程 +90%,
perkDeadEyeRangeRank10Desc,progression,Perk,range +100%,射程 +100%,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierName,progression,Perk,One Shot Death: Reload Speed,一發入魂: 裝填速度,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierDesc,progression,Perk,Increase reload speed,提升裝填速度,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Dead Eye"" skill.",限定「神槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRank01Desc,progression,Perk,reload +17%,裝填速度 +17%,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRank02Desc,progression,Perk,reload +34%,裝填速度 +34%,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRank03Desc,progression,Perk,reload +51%,裝填速度 +51%,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRank04Desc,progression,Perk,reload +68%,裝填速度 +68%,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRank05Desc,progression,Perk,reload +85%,裝填速度 +85%,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRank06Desc,progression,Perk,reload +102%,裝填速度 +102%,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRank07Desc,progression,Perk,reload +119%,裝填速度 +119%,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRank08Desc,progression,Perk,reload +136%,裝填速度 +136%,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRank09Desc,progression,Perk,reload +153%,裝填速度 +153%,
perkDeadEyeReloadSpeedMultiplierRank10Desc,progression,Perk,reload +170%,裝填速度 +170%,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesName,progression,Perk,One Shot Death: Recoil,一發入魂: 後座力,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesDesc,progression,Perk,Reduced recoil for aiming shots,降低瞄準射擊的後座力,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Dead Eye"" skill.",限定「神槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRank01Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -7.5%,後座力 -7.5%,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRank02Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -15%,後座力 -15%,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRank03Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -22.5%,後座力 -22.5%,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRank04Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -30%,後座力 -30%,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRank05Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -37.5%,後座力 -37.5%,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRank06Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -45%,後座力 -45%,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRank07Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -52.5%,後座力 -52.5%,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRank08Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -60%,後座力 -60%,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRank09Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -67.5%,後座力 -67.5%,
perkDeadEyeKickDegreesRank10Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -75%,後座力 -75%,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Dismembered: Physical Damage,肢離破碎: 實體傷害,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Boomstick"" skill.",限定「移動靶射擊」技能所使用的武器。,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkBoomstickEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeName,progression,Perk,Dismembered: Magazine Capacity,肢離破碎: 彈匣容量,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeDesc,progression,Perk,Increase magazine capacity,增加彈匣容量,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Boomstick"" skill.",限定「移動靶射擊」技能所使用的武器。,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRank01Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +20%,彈匣容量 +20%,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRank02Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +40%,彈匣容量 +40%,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRank03Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +60%,彈匣容量 +60%,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRank04Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +80%,彈匣容量 +80%,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRank05Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +100%,彈匣容量 +100%,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRank06Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +120%,彈匣容量 +120%,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRank07Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +140%,彈匣容量 +140%,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRank08Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +160%,彈匣容量 +160%,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRank09Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +180%,彈匣容量 +180%,
perkBoomstickMagazineSizeRank10Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +200%,彈匣容量 +200%,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedName,progression,Perk,Dismembered: Fire Speed,肢離破碎: 射擊速度,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedDesc,progression,Perk,Increase fire rate,增加射擊速度,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Boomstick"" skill.",限定「移動靶射擊」技能所使用的武器。,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRank01Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +20%,射擊速度 +20%,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRank02Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +40%,射擊速度 +40%,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRank03Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +60%,射擊速度 +60%,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRank04Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +80%,射擊速度 +80%,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRank05Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +100%,射擊速度 +100%,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRank06Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +120%,射擊速度 +120%,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRank07Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +140%,射擊速度 +140%,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRank08Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +160%,射擊速度 +160%,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRank09Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +180%,射擊速度 +180%,
perkBoomstickShootingSpeedRank10Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +200%,射擊速度 +200%,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierName,progression,Perk,Dismembered: Reload Speed,肢離破碎: 裝填速度,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierDesc,progression,Perk,Increase reload speed,提升裝填速度,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Boomstick"" skill.",限定「移動靶射擊」技能所使用的武器。,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRank01Desc,progression,Perk,reload +17%,裝填速度 +17%,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRank02Desc,progression,Perk,reload +34%,裝填速度 +34%,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRank03Desc,progression,Perk,reload +51%,裝填速度 +51%,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRank04Desc,progression,Perk,reload +68%,裝填速度 +68%,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRank05Desc,progression,Perk,reload +85%,裝填速度 +85%,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRank06Desc,progression,Perk,reload +102%,裝填速度 +102%,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRank07Desc,progression,Perk,reload +119%,裝填速度 +119%,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRank08Desc,progression,Perk,reload +136%,裝填速度 +136%,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRank09Desc,progression,Perk,reload +153%,裝填速度 +153%,
perkBoomstickReloadSpeedMultiplierRank10Desc,progression,Perk,reload +170%,裝填速度 +170%,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesName,progression,Perk,Dismembered: Recoil,肢離破碎: 後座力,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesDesc,progression,Perk,Reduced recoil for aiming shots,降低瞄準射擊的後座力,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Boomstick"" skill.",限定「移動靶射擊」技能所使用的武器。,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRank01Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -7.5%,後座力 -7.5%,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRank02Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -15%,後座力 -15%,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRank03Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -22.5%,後座力 -22.5%,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRank04Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -30%,後座力 -30%,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRank05Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -37.5%,後座力 -37.5%,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRank06Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -45%,後座力 -45%,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRank07Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -52.5%,後座力 -52.5%,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRank08Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -60%,後座力 -60%,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRank09Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -67.5%,後座力 -67.5%,
perkBoomstickKickDegreesRank10Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -75%,後座力 -75%,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Honeycomb: Physical Damage,千瘡百孔: 實體傷害,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Machine Gunner"" skill.",限定「機槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkMachineGunnerEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedName,progression,Perk,Honeycomb: Fire Speed,千瘡百孔: 射擊速度,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedDesc,progression,Perk,Increase fire rate,增加射擊速度,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Machine Gunner"" skill.",限定「機槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRank01Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +20%,射速 +20%,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRank02Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +40%,射速 +40%,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRank03Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +60%,射速 +60%,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRank04Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +80%,射速 +80%,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRank05Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +100%,射速 +100%,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRank06Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +120%,射速 +120%,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRank07Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +140%,射速 +140%,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRank08Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +160%,射速 +160%,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRank09Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +180%,射速 +180%,
perkMachineGunnerShootingSpeedRank10Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +200%,射速 +200%,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierName,progression,Perk,Honeycomb: Reload Speed,千瘡百孔: 裝填速度,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierDesc,progression,Perk,Increase reload speed,提升裝填速度,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Machine Gunner"" skill.",限定「機槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank01Desc,progression,Perk,reload +17%,裝填速度 +17%,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank02Desc,progression,Perk,reload +34%,裝填速度 +34%,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank03Desc,progression,Perk,reload +51%,裝填速度 +51%,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank04Desc,progression,Perk,reload +68%,裝填速度 +68%,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank05Desc,progression,Perk,reload +85%,裝填速度 +85%,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank06Desc,progression,Perk,reload +102%,裝填速度 +102%,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank07Desc,progression,Perk,reload +119%,裝填速度 +119%,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank08Desc,progression,Perk,reload +136%,裝填速度 +136%,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank09Desc,progression,Perk,reload +153%,裝填速度 +153%,
perkMachineGunnerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank10Desc,progression,Perk,reload +170%,裝填速度 +170%,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesName,progression,Perk,Honeycomb: Recoil,千瘡百孔: 後座力,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesDesc,progression,Perk,Reduced recoil for aiming shots,降低瞄準射擊的後座力,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Machine Gunner"" skill.",限定「機槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRank01Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -7.5%,後座力 -7.5%,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRank02Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -15%,後座力 -15%,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRank03Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -22.5%,後座力 -22.5%,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRank04Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -30%,後座力 -30%,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRank05Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -37.5%,後座力 -37.5%,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRank06Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -45%,後座力 -45%,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRank07Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -52.5%,後座力 -52.5%,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRank08Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -60%,後座力 -60%,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRank09Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -67.5%,後座力 -67.5%,
perkMachineGunnerKickDegreesRank10Desc,progression,Perk,recoil -75%,後座力 -75%,
perkArcheryEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Absolute Hit: Physical Damage,百發百中: 實體傷害,
perkArcheryEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Archery"" skill.",限定「箭術」技能所使用的武器。,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkArcheryEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedName,progression,Perk,Absolute Hit: Fire Speed,百發百中: 射擊速度,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedDesc,progression,Perk,Increase fire rate,增加射擊速度,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Archery"" skill.",限定「箭術」技能所使用的武器。,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRank01Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +20%,射速 +20%,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRank02Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +40%,射速 +40%,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRank03Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +60%,射速 +60%,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRank04Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +80%,射速 +80%,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRank05Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +100%,射速 +100%,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRank06Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +120%,射速 +120%,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRank07Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +140%,射速 +140%,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRank08Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +160%,射速 +160%,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRank09Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +180%,射速 +180%,
perkArcheryShootingSpeedRank10Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +200%,射速 +200%,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierName,progression,Perk,Absolute Hit: Reload Speed,百發百中: 裝填速度,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierDesc,progression,Perk,Increase reload speed,提升裝填速度,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Archery"" skill.",限定「箭術」技能所使用的武器。,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRank01Desc,progression,Perk,reload +15%,裝填速度 +15%,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRank02Desc,progression,Perk,reload +30%,裝填速度 +30%,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRank03Desc,progression,Perk,reload +45%,裝填速度 +45%,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRank04Desc,progression,Perk,reload +60%,裝填速度 +60%,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRank05Desc,progression,Perk,reload +75%,裝填速度 +75%,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRank06Desc,progression,Perk,reload +90%,裝填速度 +90%,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRank07Desc,progression,Perk,reload +105%,裝填速度 +105%,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRank08Desc,progression,Perk,reload +120%,裝填速度 +120%,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRank09Desc,progression,Perk,reload +135%,裝填速度 +135%,
perkArcheryReloadSpeedMultiplierRank10Desc,progression,Perk,reload +150%,裝填速度 +150%,
perkArcheryRangeName,progression,Perk,Absolute Hit: Range,百發百中: 射程,
perkArcheryRangeDesc,progression,Perk,Increased maximum range and effective range,增加最大射程和有效射程,
perkArcheryRangeRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Archery"" skill.",限定「箭術」技能所使用的武器。,
perkArcheryRangeRank01Desc,progression,Perk,range +10%,射程 +10%,
perkArcheryRangeRank02Desc,progression,Perk,range +20%,射程 +20%,
perkArcheryRangeRank03Desc,progression,Perk,range +30%,射程 +30%,
perkArcheryRangeRank04Desc,progression,Perk,range +40%,射程 +40%,
perkArcheryRangeRank05Desc,progression,Perk,range +50%,射程 +50%,
perkArcheryRangeRank06Desc,progression,Perk,range +60%,射程 +60%,
perkArcheryRangeRank07Desc,progression,Perk,range +70%,射程 +70%,
perkArcheryRangeRank08Desc,progression,Perk,range +80%,射程 +80%,
perkArcheryRangeRank09Desc,progression,Perk,range +90%,射程 +90%,
perkArcheryRangeRank10Desc,progression,Perk,range +100%,射程 +100%,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityName,progression,Perk,Absolute Hit: Flying Speed,百發百中: 飛行速度,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityDesc,progression,Perk,Increase projectile speed,提升投射物的飛行速度,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Archery"" skill.",限定「箭術」技能所使用的武器。,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRank01Desc,progression,Perk,projectile speed +20%,飛行速度 +20%,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRank02Desc,progression,Perk,projectile speed +40%,飛行速度 +40%,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRank03Desc,progression,Perk,projectile speed +60%,飛行速度 +60%,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRank04Desc,progression,Perk,projectile speed +80%,飛行速度 +80%,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRank05Desc,progression,Perk,projectile speed +100%,飛行速度 +100%,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRank06Desc,progression,Perk,projectile speed +120%,飛行速度 +120%,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRank07Desc,progression,Perk,projectile speed +140%,飛行速度 +140%,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRank08Desc,progression,Perk,projectile speed +160%,飛行速度 +160%,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRank09Desc,progression,Perk,projectile speed +180%,飛行速度 +180%,
perkArcheryProjectileVelocityRank10Desc,progression,Perk,projectile speed +200%,飛行速度 +200%,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Agent: Physical Damage,特工: 實體傷害,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Gunslinger"" skill.",限定「神槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkGunslingerEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeName,progression,Perk,Agent: Magazine Capacity,特工: 彈匣容量,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeDesc,progression,Perk,Increase magazine capacity,增加彈匣容量,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Gunslinger"" skill.",限定「神槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRank01Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +20%,彈匣容量 +20%,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRank02Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +40%,彈匣容量 +40%,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRank03Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +60%,彈匣容量 +60%,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRank04Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +80%,彈匣容量 +80%,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRank05Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +100%,彈匣容量 +100%,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRank06Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +120%,彈匣容量 +120%,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRank07Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +140%,彈匣容量 +140%,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRank08Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +160%,彈匣容量 +160%,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRank09Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +180%,彈匣容量 +180%,
perkGunslingerMagazineSizeRank10Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +200%,彈匣容量 +200%,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedName,progression,Perk,Agent: Fire Speed,特工: 射擊速度,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedDesc,progression,Perk,Increase fire rate,增加射擊速度,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Gunslinger"" skill.",限定「神槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRank01Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +20%,射速 +20%,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRank02Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +40%,射速 +40%,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRank03Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +60%,射速 +60%,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRank04Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +80%,射速 +80%,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRank05Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +100%,射速 +100%,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRank06Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +120%,射速 +120%,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRank07Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +140%,射速 +140%,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRank08Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +160%,射速 +160%,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRank09Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +180%,射速 +180%,
perkGunslingerShootingSpeedRank10Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +200%,射速 +200%,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierName,progression,Perk,Agent: Reload Speed,特工: 裝填速度,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierDesc,progression,Perk,Increase reload speed,提升裝填速度,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Gunslinger"" skill.",限定「神槍手」技能所使用的武器。,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank01Desc,progression,Perk,reload +17%,裝填速度 +17%,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank02Desc,progression,Perk,reload +34%,裝填速度 +34%,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank03Desc,progression,Perk,reload +51%,裝填速度 +51%,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank04Desc,progression,Perk,reload +68%,裝填速度 +68%,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank05Desc,progression,Perk,reload +85%,裝填速度 +85%,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank06Desc,progression,Perk,reload +102%,裝填速度 +102%,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank07Desc,progression,Perk,reload +119%,裝填速度 +119%,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank08Desc,progression,Perk,reload +136%,裝填速度 +136%,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank09Desc,progression,Perk,reload +153%,裝填速度 +153%,
perkGunslingerReloadSpeedMultiplierRank10D1esc,progression,Perk,reload +170%,裝填速度 +170%,
perkTurretsEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Evolution Technology: Physical Damage,進化科技: 實體傷害,
perkTurretsEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Robotics Inventor"" skill.",限定「機器人發明家」技能所使用的武器。,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkTurretsEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeName,progression,Perk,Evolution Technology: Magazine Capacity,進化科技: 彈匣容量,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeDesc,progression,Perk,Increase magazine capacity,增加彈匣容量,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Robotics Inventor"" skill.",限定「機器人發明家」技能所使用的武器。,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRank01Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +20%,彈匣容量 +20%,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRank02Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +40%,彈匣容量 +40%,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRank03Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +60%,彈匣容量 +60%,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRank04Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +80%,彈匣容量 +80%,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRank05Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +100%,彈匣容量 +100%,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRank06Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +120%,彈匣容量 +120%,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRank07Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +140%,彈匣容量 +140%,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRank08Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +160%,彈匣容量 +160%,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRank09Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +180%,彈匣容量 +180%,
perkTurretsMagazineSizeRank10Desc,progression,Perk,magazine capacity +200%,彈匣容量 +200%,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedName,progression,Perk,Evolution Technology: Fire Speed,進化科技: 射擊速度,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedDesc,progression,Perk,Increase fire rate,增加射擊速度,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Robotics Inventor"" skill.",限定「機器人發明家」技能所使用的武器。,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRank01Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +20%,射速 +20%,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRank02Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +40%,射速 +40%,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRank03Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +60%,射速 +60%,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRank04Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +80%,射速 +80%,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRank05Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +100%,射速 +100%,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRank06Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +120%,射速 +120%,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRank07Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +140%,射速 +140%,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRank08Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +160%,射速 +160%,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRank09Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +180%,射速 +180%,
perkTurretsShootingSpeedRank10Desc,progression,Perk,fire rate +200%,射速 +200%,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierName,progression,Perk,Evolution Technology: Reload Speed,進化科技: 裝填速度,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierDesc,progression,Perk,Increase reload speed,提升裝填速度,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Robotics Inventor"" skill.",限定「機器人發明家」技能所使用的武器。,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRank01Desc,progression,Perk,reload +17%,裝填速度 +17%,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRank02Desc,progression,Perk,reload +34%,裝填速度 +34%,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRank03Desc,progression,Perk,reload +51%,裝填速度 +51%,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRank04Desc,progression,Perk,reload +68%,裝填速度 +68%,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRank05Desc,progression,Perk,reload +85%,裝填速度 +85%,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRank06Desc,progression,Perk,reload +102%,裝填速度 +102%,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRank07Desc,progression,Perk,reload +119%,裝填速度 +119%,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRank08Desc,progression,Perk,reload +136%,裝填速度 +136%,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRank09Desc,progression,Perk,reload +153%,裝填速度 +153%,
perkTurretsReloadSpeedMultiplierRank10Desc,progression,Perk,reload +170%,裝填速度 +170%,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Demolition Group: Physical Damage,爆破組: 實體傷害,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons and projectiles used by the ""Demolitions Expert"" skill.",限定「爆破專家」技能所使用的武器與投擲物。,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkDemolitionsExpertEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageName,progression,Perk,Demolition Group: Block Damage,爆破組: 方塊傷害,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase block damage,增加方塊傷害,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons and projectiles used by the ""Demolitions Expert"" skill.",限定「爆破專家」技能所使用的武器與投擲物。,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +20%,方塊傷害 +20%,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +40%,方塊傷害 +40%,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +60%,方塊傷害 +60%,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +80%,方塊傷害 +80%,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +100%,方塊傷害 +100%,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +120%,方塊傷害 +120%,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +140%,方塊傷害 +140%,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +160%,方塊傷害 +160%,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +180%,方塊傷害 +180%,
perkDemolitionsExpertBlockDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +200%,方塊傷害 +200%,
perkDemolitionsExpertDismemberChanceName,progression,Perk,Demolition Group: Dismemberment Rate,爆破組: 肢解率,
perkDemolitionsExpertDismemberChanceDesc,progression,Perk,increased dismemberment rate,增加肢解率,
perkDemolitionsExpertDismemberChanceRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons and projectiles used by the ""Demolitions Expert"" skill.",限定「爆破專家」技能所使用的武器與投擲物。,
perkDemolitionsExpertDismemberChanceRank01Desc,progression,Perk,dismemberment +10%,肢解率 +10%,
perkDemolitionsExpertDismemberChanceRank02Desc,progression,Perk,dismemberment +20%,肢解率 +20%,
perkDemolitionsExpertDismemberChanceRank03Desc,progression,Perk,dismemberment +30%,肢解率 +30%,
perkDemolitionsExpertDismemberChanceRank04Desc,progression,Perk,dismemberment +40%,肢解率 +40%,
perkDemolitionsExpertDismemberChanceRank05Desc,progression,Perk,dismemberment +50%,肢解率 +50%,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Home Run: Physical Damage,全壘打: 實體傷害,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Pummel Pete"" skill.",限定「打擊者」技能所使用的武器。,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkPummelPeteEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteName,progression,Perk,Home Run: Attack Speed,全壘打: 攻擊速度,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteDesc,progression,Perk,Increase attack speed,增加攻擊速度,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Pummel Pete"" skill.",限定「打擊者」技能所使用的武器。,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRank01Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +10%,攻擊速度 +10%,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRank02Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +20%,攻擊速度 +20%,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRank03Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +30%,攻擊速度 +30%,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRank04Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +40%,攻擊速度 +40%,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRank05Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +50%,攻擊速度 +50%,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRank06Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +60%,攻擊速度 +60%,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRank07Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +70%,攻擊速度 +70%,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRank08Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +80%,攻擊速度 +80%,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRank09Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +90%,攻擊速度 +90%,
perkPummelPeteAttacksPerMinuteRank10Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +100%,攻擊速度 +100%,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Hercules: Physical Damage,力士: 實體傷害,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Skull Crusher"" skill.",限定「頭顱破碎機」技能所使用的武器。,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkSkullCrusherEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteName,progression,Perk,Hercules: Attack Speed,力士: 攻擊速度,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteDesc,progression,Perk,Increase attack speed,增加攻擊速度,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Skull Crusher"" skill.",限定「頭顱破碎機」技能所使用的武器。,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRank01Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +10%,攻擊速度 +10%,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRank02Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +20%,攻擊速度 +20%,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRank03Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +30%,攻擊速度 +30%,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRank04Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +40%,攻擊速度 +40%,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRank05Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +50%,攻擊速度 +50%,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRank06Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +60%,攻擊速度 +60%,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRank07Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +70%,攻擊速度 +70%,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRank08Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +80%,攻擊速度 +80%,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRank09Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +90%,攻擊速度 +90%,
perkSkullCrusherAttacksPerMinuteRank10Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +100%,攻擊速度 +100%,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Champion: Physical Damage,拳王: 實體傷害,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""The Brawler"" skill.",限定「鬥毆者」技能所使用的武器。,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkBrawlerEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteName,progression,Perk,Champion: Attack Speed,拳王: 攻擊速度,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteDesc,progression,Perk,Increase attack speed,增加攻擊速度,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""The Brawler"" skill.",限定「鬥毆者」技能所使用的武器。,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRank01Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +10%,攻擊速度 +10%,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRank02Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +20%,攻擊速度 +20%,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRank03Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +30%,攻擊速度 +30%,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRank04Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +40%,攻擊速度 +40%,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRank05Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +50%,攻擊速度 +50%,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRank06Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +60%,攻擊速度 +60%,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRank07Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +70%,攻擊速度 +70%,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRank08Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +80%,攻擊速度 +80%,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRank09Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +90%,攻擊速度 +90%,
perkBrawlerAttacksPerMinuteRank10Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +100%,攻擊速度 +100%,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Assassin: Physical Damage,刺客: 實體傷害,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase physical damage,增加實體傷害,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Deep Cuts"" skill.",限定「深切口」技能所使用的武器。,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkDeepCutsEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteName,progression,Perk,Assassin: Attack Speed,刺客: 攻擊速度,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteDesc,progression,Perk,Increase attack speed,增加攻擊速度,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""Deep Cuts"" skill.",限定「深切口」技能所使用的武器。,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRank01Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +10%,攻擊速度 +10%,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRank02Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +20%,攻擊速度 +20%,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRank03Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +30%,攻擊速度 +30%,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRank04Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +40%,攻擊速度 +40%,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRank05Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +50%,攻擊速度 +50%,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRank06Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +60%,攻擊速度 +60%,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRank07Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +70%,攻擊速度 +70%,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRank08Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +80%,攻擊速度 +80%,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRank09Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +90%,攻擊速度 +90%,
perkDeepCutsAttacksPerMinuteRank10Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +100%,攻擊速度 +100%,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageName,progression,Perk,Resource Recycling: Block Damage,資源回收: 方塊傷害,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase block damage,增加方塊傷害,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the tools used by the ""Salvage Operations"" skill.",限定「廢物利用工作」技能所使用的工具。,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +20%,方塊傷害 +20%,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +40%,方塊傷害 +40%,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +60%,方塊傷害 +60%,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +80%,方塊傷害 +80%,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +100%,方塊傷害 +100%,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +120%,方塊傷害 +120%,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +140%,方塊傷害 +140%,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +160%,方塊傷害 +160%,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +180%,方塊傷害 +180%,
perkSalvageOperationsBlockDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +200%,方塊傷害 +200%,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountName,progression,Perk,Resource Recycling: Harvested Amount,資源回收: 收獲量,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountDesc,progression,Perk,Increases the harvest of disassembled appliances.,增加拆卸電器的收獲量,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the tools used by the ""Salvage Operations"" skill.",限定「廢物利用工作」技能所使用的工具。,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRank01Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +15%,收獲量 +15%,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRank02Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +30%,收獲量 +30%,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRank03Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +45%,收獲量 +45%,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRank04Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +60%,收獲量 +60%,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRank05Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +75%,收獲量 +75%,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRank06Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +90%,收獲量 +90%,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRank07Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +105%,收獲量 +105%,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRank08Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +120%,收獲量 +120%,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRank09Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +135%,收獲量 +135%,
perkSalvageOperationsHarvestCountRank10Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +150%,收獲量 +150%,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainName,progression,Perk,Resource Recycling: Experience Points,資源回收: 經驗值,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainDesc,progression,Perk,Increases the amount of experience points for disassembling appliances.,增加拆卸電器的經驗值量,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the tools used by the ""Salvage Operations"" skill.",限定「廢物利用工作」技能所使用的工具。,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRank01Desc,progression,Perk,exp +16%,經驗值 +16%,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRank02Desc,progression,Perk,exp +32%,經驗值 +32%,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRank03Desc,progression,Perk,exp +48%,經驗值 +48%,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRank04Desc,progression,Perk,exp +64%,經驗值 +64%,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRank05Desc,progression,Perk,exp +80%,經驗值 +80%,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRank06Desc,progression,Perk,exp +96%,經驗值 +96%,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRank07Desc,progression,Perk,exp +112%,經驗值 +112%,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRank08Desc,progression,Perk,exp +128%,經驗值 +128%,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRank09Desc,progression,Perk,exp +144%,經驗值 +144%,
perkSalvageOperationsPlayerExpGainRank10Desc,progression,Perk,exp +160%,經驗值 +160%,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageName,progression,Perk,Hardworking Miner: Block Damage,勤勞的礦工: 方塊傷害,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageDesc,progression,Perk,Increase block damage,增加方塊傷害,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the tools used by the ""Miner 69'er"" skill.",限定「69 礦工」技能所使用的工具。,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +20%,方塊傷害 +20%,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +40%,方塊傷害 +40%,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +60%,方塊傷害 +60%,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +80%,方塊傷害 +80%,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +100%,方塊傷害 +100%,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +120%,方塊傷害 +120%,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +140%,方塊傷害 +140%,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +160%,方塊傷害 +160%,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +180%,方塊傷害 +180%,
perkHardworkingMinersBlockDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,block damage +200%,方塊傷害 +200%,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountName,progression,Perk,Hardworking Miner: Harvested Amount,勤勞的礦工: 收獲量,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountDesc,progression,Perk,Increases the amount harvested with tools.,增加工具採收的收獲量,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the tools used by the ""Mother Lode"" skill.",限定「母礦脈」技能所使用的工具。,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRank01Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +15%,收獲量 +15%,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRank02Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +30%,收獲量 +30%,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRank03Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +45%,收獲量 +45%,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRank04Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +60%,收獲量 +60%,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRank05Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +75%,收獲量 +75%,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRank06Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +90%,收獲量 +90%,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRank07Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +105%,收獲量 +105%,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRank08Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +120%,收獲量 +120%,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRank09Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +135%,收獲量 +135%,
perkHardworkingMinersHarvestCountRank10Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +150%,收獲量 +150%,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainName,progression,Perk,Hardworking Miner: Experience Points,勤勞的礦工: 經驗值,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainDesc,progression,Perk,Increases the amount of experience points harvested with tools.,增加工具採收的經驗值量,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the tools used by the ""Mother Lode"" skill.",限定「母礦脈」技能所使用的工具。,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRank01Desc,progression,Perk,exp +16%,經驗值 +16%,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRank02Desc,progression,Perk,exp +32%,經驗值 +32%,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRank03Desc,progression,Perk,exp +48%,經驗值 +48%,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRank04Desc,progression,Perk,exp +64%,經驗值 +64%,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRank05Desc,progression,Perk,exp +80%,經驗值 +80%,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRank06Desc,progression,Perk,exp +96%,經驗值 +96%,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRank07Desc,progression,Perk,exp +112%,經驗值 +112%,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRank08Desc,progression,Perk,exp +128%,經驗值 +128%,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRank09Desc,progression,Perk,exp +144%,經驗值 +144%,
perkHardworkingMinersPlayerExpGainRank10Desc,progression,Perk,exp +160%,經驗值 +160%,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountName,progression,Perk,Butcher: Harvested Amount,屠夫: 收獲量,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountDesc,progression,Perk,Increases the amount harvested with tools.,增加工具採收的收獲量,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons used by the ""The Huntsman"" skill.",限定「獵人」技能所使用的武器。,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRank01Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +20%,收獲量 +20%,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRank02Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +40%,收獲量 +40%,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRank03Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +60%,收獲量 +60%,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRank04Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +80%,收獲量 +80%,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRank05Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +100%,收獲量 +100%,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRank06Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +120%,收獲量 +120%,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRank07Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +140%,收獲量 +140%,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRank08Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +160%,收獲量 +160%,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRank09Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +180%,收獲量 +180%,
perkTheHuntsmanHarvestCountRank10Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +200%,收獲量 +200%,
perkLivingOffTheLandHarvestCountName,progression,Perk,Farmer: Harvested Amount,農夫: 收獲量,
perkLivingOffTheLandHarvestCountDesc,progression,Perk,Increase the number of crops harvested.,增加農作物採收的收獲量,
perkLivingOffTheLandHarvestCountRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""Living off the Land"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.",限定「靠土地為生」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkLivingOffTheLandHarvestCountRank01Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +100%,收獲量 +100%,
perkLivingOffTheLandHarvestCountRank02Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +200%,收獲量 +200%,
perkLivingOffTheLandHarvestCountRank03Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +300%,收獲量 +300%,
perkLivingOffTheLandHarvestCountRank04Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +400%,收獲量 +400%,
perkLivingOffTheLandHarvestCountRank05Desc,progression,Perk,harvest +500%,收獲量 +500%,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteName,progression,Perk,Haste: Attack Speed,急行: 攻擊速度,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteDesc,progression,Perk,Increase attack speed,增加攻擊速度,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons or tools supported by the ""Whirlwind"" skill.",限定「旋風斬」技能所支援的武器或工具。,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRank01Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +10%,攻擊速度 +10%,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRank02Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +20%,攻擊速度 +20%,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRank03Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +30%,攻擊速度 +30%,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRank04Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +40%,攻擊速度 +40%,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRank05Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +50%,攻擊速度 +50%,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRank06Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +60%,攻擊速度 +60%,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRank07Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +70%,攻擊速度 +70%,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRank08Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +80%,攻擊速度 +80%,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRank09Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +90%,攻擊速度 +90%,
perkFlurryOfAgilityAttacksPerMinuteRank10Desc,progression,Perk,attack speed +100%,攻擊速度 +100%,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossName,progression,Perk,Beast: Stamina Consumption,猛獸: 耐力消耗,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossDesc,progression,Perk,Reduce stamina consumption.,降低耐力的消耗,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"Limited to the weapons or tools supported by the ""Heavy Armor"" skill.",限定「重甲」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRank01Desc,progression,Perk,stamina cost -6.5%,耐力消耗 -6.5%,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRank02Desc,progression,Perk,stamina cost -13%,耐力消耗 -13%,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRank03Desc,progression,Perk,stamina cost -19.5%,耐力消耗 -19.5%,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRank04Desc,progression,Perk,stamina cost -26%,耐力消耗 -26%,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRank05Desc,progression,Perk,stamina cost -32.5%,耐力消耗 -32.5%,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRank06Desc,progression,Perk,stamina cost -39%,耐力消耗 -39%,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRank07Desc,progression,Perk,stamina cost -45.5%,耐力消耗 -45.5%,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRank08Desc,progression,Perk,stamina cost -52%,耐力消耗 -52%,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRank09Desc,progression,Perk,stamina cost -58.5%,耐力消耗 -58.5%,
perkHeavyArmorStaminaLossRank10Desc,progression,Perk,stamina cost -65%,耐力消耗 -65%,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseName,progression,Perk,Beast: Heavy and Light Armor,猛獸: 重甲與輕甲,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseDesc,progression,Perk,Reduces the cost of armor durability.,降低防具耐久值的消耗,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""Heavy Armor"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.",限定「重甲」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRank01Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -3.3%,耐久值消耗 -3.3%,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRank02Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -6.6%,耐久值消耗 -6.6%,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRank03Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -9.9%,耐久值消耗 -9.9%,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRank04Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -13.2%,耐久值消耗 -13.2%,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRank05Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -16.5%,耐久值消耗 -16.5%,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRank06Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -19.8%,耐久值消耗 -19.8%,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRank07Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -23.1%,耐久值消耗 -23.1%,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRank08Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -26.4%,耐久值消耗 -26.4%,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRank09Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -29.7%,耐久值消耗 -29.7%,
perkHeavyArmorArmorDegradationPerUseRank10Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -33%,耐久值消耗 -33%,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseName,progression,Perk,Beast: Weapons and Tools,猛獸: 武器與工具,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseDesc,progression,Perk,Reduces the cost of durability of weapons and tools.,降低武器與工具耐久值的消耗,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""Heavy Armor"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.\nSupports almost all weapons and tools.",限定「重甲」技能已經升級至頂狀態。\n支援幾乎所有的武器與工具。,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRank01Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -7%,耐久值消耗 -7%,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRank02Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -14%,耐久值消耗 -14%,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRank03Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -21%,耐久值消耗 -21%,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRank04Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -28%,耐久值消耗 -28%,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRank05Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -35%,耐久值消耗 -35%,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRank06Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -42%,耐久值消耗 -42%,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRank07Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -49%,耐久值消耗 -49%,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRank08Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -56%,耐久值消耗 -56%,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRank09Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -63%,耐久值消耗 -63%,
perkHeavyArmorWeaponDegradationPerUseRank10Desc,progression,Perk,durability cost -70%,耐久值消耗 -70%,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityName,progression,Perk,Treasure Thief: Loot,盜寶者: 戰利品,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityDesc,progression,Perk,Increase the amount of loot.,增加戰利品的數量,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""Treasure Hunter"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.",限定「寶藏獵人」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRank01Desc,progression,Perk,quantity +20%,獲得數量 +20%,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRank02Desc,progression,Perk,quantity +40%,獲得數量 +40%,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRank03Desc,progression,Perk,quantity +60%,獲得數量 +60%,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRank04Desc,progression,Perk,quantity +80%,獲得數量 +80%,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRank05Desc,progression,Perk,quantity +100%,獲得數量 +100%,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRank06Desc,progression,Perk,quantity +120%,獲得數量 +120%,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRank07Desc,progression,Perk,quantity +140%,獲得數量 +140%,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRank08Desc,progression,Perk,quantity +160%,獲得數量 +160%,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRank09Desc,progression,Perk,quantity +180%,獲得數量 +180%,
perkTreasureHunterLootQuantityRank10Desc,progression,Perk,quantity +200%,獲得數量 +200%,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossName,progression,Perk,Nerve Transposition: Tolerance,神經移位: 耐受度,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossDesc,progression,Perk,Reduces blood loss when injured.,降低受傷時的損血量,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""Pain Tolerance"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.",限定「忍痛度」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRank01Desc,progression,Perk,damage -7%,損血量 -7%,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRank02Desc,progression,Perk,damage -14%,損血量 -14%,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRank03Desc,progression,Perk,damage -21%,損血量 -21%,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRank04Desc,progression,Perk,damage -28%,損血量 -28%,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRank05Desc,progression,Perk,damage -35%,損血量 -35%,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRank06Desc,progression,Perk,damage -42%,損血量 -42%,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRank07Desc,progression,Perk,damage -49%,損血量 -49%,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRank08Desc,progression,Perk,damage -56%,損血量 -56%,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRank09Desc,progression,Perk,damage -63%,損血量 -63%,
perkPainToleranceHealthLossRank10Desc,progression,Perk,damage -70%,損血量 -70%,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageName,progression,Perk,Assassination: Physical Damage,暗殺: 實體傷害,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageDesc,progression,Perk,"In stealth state, increases the damage dealt by the attacking target when it is not alerted.",增加潛行狀態下攻擊目標未警覺的傷害量,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""Hidden Strike"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.",限定「偷襲」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRank01Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +20%,實體傷害 +20%,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRank02Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +40%,實體傷害 +40%,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRank03Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +60%,實體傷害 +60%,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRank04Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +80%,實體傷害 +80%,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRank05Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +100%,實體傷害 +100%,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRank06Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +120%,實體傷害 +120%,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRank07Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +140%,實體傷害 +140%,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRank08Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +160%,實體傷害 +160%,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRank09Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +180%,實體傷害 +180%,
perkHiddenStrikeEntityDamageRank10Desc,progression,Perk,physical damage +200%,實體傷害 +200%,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedName,progression,Perk,Assassination: Sneak Movement Speed,暗殺: 潛行移動速度,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedDesc,progression,Perk,Increases movement speed in stealth state.,增加潛行狀態下的移動速度,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""Hidden Strike"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.",限定「偷襲」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRank01Desc,progression,Perk,movement speed +20%,移動速度 +20%,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRank02Desc,progression,Perk,movement speed +40%,移動速度 +40%,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRank03Desc,progression,Perk,movement speed +60%,移動速度 +60%,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRank04Desc,progression,Perk,movement speed +80%,移動速度 +80%,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRank05Desc,progression,Perk,movement speed +100%,移動速度 +100%,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRank06Desc,progression,Perk,movement speed +120%,移動速度 +120%,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRank07Desc,progression,Perk,movement speed +140%,移動速度 +140%,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRank08Desc,progression,Perk,movement speed +160%,移動速度 +160%,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRank09Desc,progression,Perk,movement speed +180%,移動速度 +180%,
perkHiddenStrikeCrouchSpeedRank10Desc,progression,Perk,movement speed +200%,移動速度 +200%,
perkHiddenStrikeNoiseMultiplierName,progression,Perk,Assassination: Noise Reduction,暗殺: 降低噪音,
perkHiddenStrikeNoiseMultiplierDesc,progression,Perk,Reduce the amount of noise.,降低噪音量,
perkHiddenStrikeNoiseMultiplierRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""Hidden Strike"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.",限定「偷襲」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkHiddenStrikeNoiseMultiplierRank01Desc,progression,Perk,noise -10%,噪音 -10%,
perkHiddenStrikeNoiseMultiplierRank02Desc,progression,Perk,noise -20%,噪音 -20%,
perkHiddenStrikeNoiseMultiplierRank03Desc,progression,Perk,noise -30%,噪音 -30%,
perkHiddenStrikeNoiseMultiplierRank04Desc,progression,Perk,noise -40%,噪音 -40%,
perkHiddenStrikeNoiseMultiplierRank05Desc,progression,Perk,noise -50%,噪音 -50%,
perkDaringAdventurerQuestRewardChoiceCountName,progression,Perk,Slicker: Quest Rewards,油嘴滑舌: 任務獎勵,
perkDaringAdventurerQuestRewardChoiceCountDesc,progression,Perk,Increases the number of optional rewards for completing quests.,增加完成任務可選擇的獎勵次數,
perkDaringAdventurerQuestRewardChoiceCountRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""The Daring Adventurer"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.",限定「勇敢的冒險家」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkDaringAdventurerQuestRewardChoiceCountRank01Desc,progression,Perk,rewards +1,獎勵次數 +1,
perkDaringAdventurerQuestRewardChoiceCountRank02Desc,progression,Perk,rewards +2,獎勵次數 +2,
perkDaringAdventurerQuestRewardChoiceCountRank03Desc,progression,Perk,rewards +3,獎勵次數 +3,
perkAdvancedEngineeringChemistryStationCraftingTimeName,progression,Perk,Refiner: Chemistry Experiment,精煉師: 化學實驗,
perkAdvancedEngineeringChemistryStationCraftingTimeDesc,progression,Perk,Reduced item crafting time at chemical stations.,降低化學站的物品製作時間,
perkAdvancedEngineeringChemistryStationCraftingTimeRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""Advanced Engineering"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.",限定「高級工程」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkAdvancedEngineeringChemistryStationCraftingTimeRank01Desc,progression,Perk,crafting time -10%,製作時間 -10%,
perkAdvancedEngineeringChemistryStationCraftingTimeRank02Desc,progression,Perk,crafting time -20%,製作時間 -20%,
perkAdvancedEngineeringChemistryStationCraftingTimeRank03Desc,progression,Perk,crafting time -30%,製作時間 -30%,
perkAdvancedEngineeringChemistryStationCraftingTimeRank04Desc,progression,Perk,crafting time -40%,製作時間 -40%,
perkAdvancedEngineeringChemistryStationCraftingTimeRank05Desc,progression,Perk,crafting time -50%,製作時間 -50%,
perkAdvancedEngineeringWorkbenchCementMixerCraftingTimeName,progression,Perk,Refiner: Quick Combination,精煉師: 快速組合,
perkAdvancedEngineeringWorkbenchCementMixerCraftingTimeDesc,progression,Perk,Reduced item crafting time for workbenches and cement mixers.,降低工作台和水泥攪拌機的物品製作時間,
perkAdvancedEngineeringWorkbenchCementMixerCraftingTimeRankLongDesc,progression,Perk,"The ""Advanced Engineering"" skill must be upgraded to the highest level.",限定「高級工程」技能已經升級至頂狀態。,
perkAdvancedEngineeringWorkbenchCementMixerCraftingTimeRank01Desc,progression,Perk,crafting time -14%,製作時間 -14%,
perkAdvancedEngineeringWorkbenchCementMixerCraftingTimeRank02Desc,progression,Perk,crafting time -28%,製作時間 -28%,
perkAdvancedEngineeringWorkbenchCementMixerCraftingTimeRank03Desc,progression,Perk,crafting time -42%,製作時間 -42%,
perkAdvancedEngineeringWorkbenchCementMixerCraftingTimeRank04Desc,progression,Perk,crafting time -56%,製作時間 -56%,
perkAdvancedEngineeringWorkbenchCementMixerCraftingTimeRank05Desc,progression,Perk,crafting time -70%,製作時間 -70%,